OK so the first component that we are going to create it's going to be beheader component.
So we will pretty much follow the same steps we did with the index non-jazz.
So we're going to use we can create a component that contains GSX.
So to use it we need to import re-act from react so we can use GSX on this component.
OK so I'm going to say import and I can say react from react.
That's the first step.
Then we need to create the component and just like with it personally I'm going to say Konst and this
is since this is going to be a header component I'm going to say Hetter.
OK.
Then you get to say equal open and close equal and right pointing arrow and open and close call the
braces are going to return.
We always need to return something and I'm going to say dev.
And inside here I'm just going to say Hetter to something simple.
That's right.
So we have the file we created a component and we are importing re-act from react.
So we can use GSX on this on this component.
So right now we need to graph this letter and show it on the screen whenever the application loads word.
We have one problem this component it's going to be on a different file than the main index that jackass.
So whenever you work would react.
All the components are not connected.
Unless you make we make a connection between them.
OK.
So we need to do kind of two steps.
First we need to tell the application that this Hetter that yes it's accessible from other components.
So we need to say something right here.
So the way we do it is going to be calling an export going to say that we're going to use the keyboard
export and then default an after the field begin to use the name of the components.
So it's going to be better.
So doing this we're telling the application that this Hetter can be used inside other components.
So inside the index since we want to render the header component right here we need to bring the file.
So I'm going to say right here components right here just like with that we react and we act dumb.
We need to import the header components.
So I'm going to say import and I'm going to make reference to the components we want to include which
is going to be the header.
And we can say from just like with it since this Hetter component is going to be inside a folder that
calls component and not on the root directory of source.
We need to make her.
We need to actually build the path.
So I'm going to say Dot for Slash and this is going to be inside components and it's going to be called
Hetter that Jats whenever you call you call a component on a different file.
Notice that I'm not putting jast right here.
If you put just the name of the file without the Dangi Yes re-act already knows that you want to bring
header non-jazz.
So there's no need to put down the Jazz.
OK that's good.
So if I rewrote the page and getting an error message but what I'm getting it's going to be a warning
we have right here the icon of warning it says header.
It's defined but never used.
So whenever you react it's it's considered bad bad coding bringing compliments importing components
that components that are not used on the application.
OK.
That's the first thing.
Now I'm going to show you something else before we include this component right here we are returning
just in one tech.
If I go right here and put the H one below the return going to really lower the application and it's
going to fail you can have an error message.
Whenever you use return like this you need to make sure that whatever it is after return has to be on
a single line.
So this works if you have a tiny element.
All right but if you have a multi multi element just like I don't know maybe a div right here just two
different elements.
It's not going to work.
So you need to do something else.
What we can do.
We can to open and close parenthesis going to make a space.
I'm going to delete this.
Just grab the H one caught and then right here I'm going to put it inside the parenthesis.
And this is going to work.
That's the first thing.
Now there is one more thing.
Whenever you are returning something some GSX inside a component you need to wrap everything inside
one single element.
If you pass two different elements just like to a div and maybe age 1 you can have an error message.
Right.
Doesn't like this.
Re-act once for you to pass a single element and then inside this single element have everything else.
So what we need to do we need to put everything inside one element.
So I'm going to put everything inside a death inside as if we are passing one element and right here
inside we have the h one.
So this is working.
It's going to work.
Right now what we need to do on top of this one we need to import the head or we need to put the head
right here.
So it just like we did with app on the on the on the route ID.
What I'm going to do going to call Hetter and then close just like that just like a tack.
And since we imported the header components and we are specifying here that we want to use that component
is going to render right here on the screen.
So we have to Hetter.
And I just make something else so we can make sure that that's the header we want OK.
We get better.
And then the H-1.
All right.
So this is working.
So let's recap everything.
We made a new file.
It's called heterogeneous.
We imported react so we can use GSX on this component.
We created the components and then we made the component available for other components inside.
We kept then on the main components and I'm using component a lot of imported the header inside the
app components including everything inside a single elements inside the ring.
The return of the render.
OK that's good.
So let's go to the next section and just move forward with this.